Steal what?
I never touched your stuff
My jade bracelet in the cabinet is missing
They all don't know where it is
You're the only one here with a grudge against me
If you didn't steal it
then who did?
What nonsense
I never touched your cabinet
Of course you didn't touch it
After all, I just put that jade bracelet
right in your bag myself
Who knows if you touched it or not?
A quick search will tell
You wouldn't dare!
Search it,
I'll take responsibility for whatever happens
Hand it over honestly
Don't force me to act
Jian Dao,
you're crazy
Crazy?
If I go crazy
then this pen
won't just pierce through
his dirty hand
Guess
where else I might stab
Why aren't you working
instead of arguing?
Call the police
Jian Dao's gone mad